Minor edit to T81 and S123 (#653)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000123/README.md

  - doi: 10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9
    name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> Let $\{C_i\ |\ i \in \omega\}$ be a collection of disjoint dense subsets of $\mathbb{Q}$. For specificity, let \(p(i)\) be the \((i+1)\)th prime,
> and let \(C_i\) be the rational numbers of the form $\frac{a}{p(i)^n}$, with $a$ an integer not divisible by $p(i)$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let $\{C_i\ |\ i < \omega\}$ be a collection of disjoint dense subsets of $\mathbb{Q}$. For specificity, let \(\{p_i:i<\omega\}\) enumerate the prime numbers,
and let \(C_i\) be the rational numbers of the form $\frac{a}{p_i^n}$, with $a$ an integer not divisible by $p_i$.
```

Reviewer: Another possible tweak to consider, avoiding the ambiguity of what the 0th prime number might be.
